>> Steve Kinney: Okay, so
starting Claude up, typing Claude.
Do you trust this folder?
I do.
So a few things that
you have options here.
Typing slash will get you a kind of
list of all of the funneled options.
Some tasty notes that don't necessarily
deserve their own sections.
Add dir Add directory so
let's say you are in a monorepo or
the other day Rylan is working
on this one library for
abstracting calls between OpenAI,
anthropic,
yada yada yada in a way
that we needed it to.
I had that cloned down.
I was NPM linking it, and so
I wanted to go read some of
the documentation files from that one.
You can basically say add
this other sibling or
other directory into things
you're allowed to access.
Bug is to complain.
Clear and compact, we saw,
don't look at that one.
Export is kind of cool.
So one of the things about Claude is
theoretically, not theoretically, really.
In your home directory
there is a CLAUDE file and
it actually just has what's
called a JSON L file,
which is JSON lines where you could
have many JSON files in a single file.
And basically all of your
conversations in all of
your directories on your computer are just
stored in plain text
JSON on the file system.
It means you can go look at whatever
is recorded at any given point.
You can also do export.
And there's not a lot to see in this
particular one because I haven't done
anything yet where it will literally
either save it to a file or
write it to your clipboard.
Basically, everything on that screen.
But you can go ahead and
see every single thing it did.
If you're somewhat curious,
which I think is super useful, Dr.
Is like if something's not working,
we'll talk about hooks IDE it will if you
open it up in the terminal in either
VS Code or Cursor or possibly another IDE.
I don't know, it will go ahead and
install its own VS Code extension where
it can show you side by side diffs,
kind of like Cursor does, but
not nearly as good and stuff like that.
And it'll show it to you in there as well.
Install the GitHub app.
We'll set up some GitHub actions where you
can then in your own pull request God and
ask it a question.
And that will just be set up
like GitHub Action for you.
Log in and log out.
Memory will actually just
be your cloud MD file,
which we'll see in a second
model we saw earlier,
which is the ability to proxy in
between Sonnet and opus permissions.
If you're like you're no longer
allowed to run git commands,
you can basically deny it that ability.
You can deny it or you can allow it.
Please don't ever ask me
again about git commands.
Or you are allowed to git status but
not git commit.
Or you're allowed to git commit but
not git push.
Or you can do bash but
you can't git whatever.
You can tweak all of those things
because all of those settings will also
show up in this cloud
directory under Settings JSON.
The other ones that are super interesting
are resume where I have done this
before where Cursor wanted to update or
VS code wanted to update, I quit.
I kind of was in the middle of something.
You can hit resume in
this case I don't like.
This is a brand new thing.
I don't have any message but you can find
any previous session that you've done cuz
they're all stored in JSON
files on your file system.
I'll just load any one of those back up.
You can also start with continue and
it'll be the last one.
If you want Vim mode, have at it.
If you are in the middle of vibing and
want to upgrade your plan,
they will take your
money from you happily.
This one's super useful though.
So what this one does is effectively
the more important part here is it'll show
you the model and if you are, if you hit
a rate limit on Opus or if you hit a rate
limit overall, you will see when
you are in their good graces again.
You can get a sense of when you're allowed
to use whatever model for a second time.
You can check all those out, but
you can get a sense of what you
have going on, so on and so forth.
I think I have multiple installations.
I installed it again to get you
those screenshots from earlier, so
I'll deal with that at some point.
But it's not bothering anyone right now.
So yeah, you can install
all those different things.
But yeah, the slash status is useful
if you are getting rate limited or
you're just curious what model you're on.
But you can also just do that slash
model that I showed you earlier, right?
You can swap, you're like hey,
I want to use Sonnet for this thing.
And like I said before,
I spent a lot of time jockeying back and
forth because again,
six to eight times more tokens on opus
planning Big brain thought if I'm
coming up with A PRD in one file and
an implementation plan in another file.
I'll maybe do all that in Opus and
review it.
And then for the fix my lint errors,
we'll let Sana do that one.
Cool, so the most important
thing when you first start
on a project is you do this /init, right?
And one of the best parts,
I don't know what this is called,
but the verbs that it just cycles through,
particularly when you get angry,
are a treat.
This one's not great, but
don't sleep on the ridiculous stuff
it says as I demo this to you, right?
It's worth it.
This is not the most.
We can kind of also see the token usage,
which strikes you as,
why do I need to see this?
You care.
When you see the seconds going up and
you don't see the tokens going up, right?
It means like, your test suite
is just sitting there stalling.
Or like it's tried to
start up a dev server and
that blocked the terminal the same
way Vite holds the entire thread.
Or like a server does and
you might need to intervene.
It will timeout after two minutes,
but that's like two minutes,
which doesn't feel long in
the grand sense of things, but
like it is when you're watching,
like a pot of water boil.
All right, so
do you want to make this edit?
So you have two choices.
You have this yes and yes.
And don't ask again this session,
I'm going to tell you
which one you should use.
I'm going to tell you which
one you're going to use.
Cool, cool, cool, I think it showed you.
I just had this really small.
If you have the VS coder
Cursor extensions,
I'll show you in the side panel over here.
Cool, cool, cool, so it goes ahead and
you don't have necessarily
all of those rule files.
There's some other different
files that we'll see.
Like you had with cursor,
you basically have this one claw MD file,
which is everything that you
need to know about the project.
And like I said, if you don't have one,
you hit Init, and
it will make one for you.
And it does the things you think it does.
It tells it about, like.
And you can see it definitely
read my file system, right?
It discusses the project architecture,
how we use the state management.
Again, it's like overall a synopsis
on what this project does and
is and how I need to turn off that
markdown linter that I had to catch my own
logical errors when I was doing
the notes which I'll do in a second but
components use typescript inferior.
It does a pretty good job of
understanding the code base.
It did spend a decent
amount of time doing that.
How we do the testing and
your job is to curate this again
Cursor had a bunch of rules files.
Claude code has this one file.
The only I think true downside of using
both is now guess what you've signed up
for keeping them in sync.
Ask me how I know that.
That can be problematic.
Cool, so on and so forth.
You can begin to refine this over
time with your preferences more about
the architecture.
If you do whatever you can reference
another file it will go read that file.
Here's the PSA that you've
heard a thousand times today.
Sure, write more in there, more detail,
at all the files in the world.
It will read this file every time or
before at least it starts doing something.
As long as it'll make sure
it has this file in context.
Not every time but
if it's already in context it's not going
to put it a second time in context.
But it will make sure it's
in there all the time.
But even figured out like the various
eslint rules I was talking about earlier
that I installed it knows roughly most of
the things that are going on pretty well.
Your job is to kind of curate this and
work with it, right?
So like I said,
there are both the positives.
Definitely do this and
don't you ever as you saw with
that some of those rules
that I showed you earlier.
Yeah, it's like a general
purpose Cursor rule.
I'll show you the one I'm using
the project I'm doing in a second.
You can reference other files or
other folders it should read or
anything it needs to know
problem solving approaches.
I even have make sure you
run lint every single time.
So the other thing you can
do is at any given point
in that little command line
window if you do pound,
you can almost, where'd it go?
There you are.
If you hit the pound sign you can
kind of see the autocomplete here,
pound add to memory you can be like,
all files should
be kebab case you can choose
project memory or user memory.
Again I want them all
readily accessible and
because stuff like the work projects
are in bun the projects I do
here in NPM I tend to keep
everything it's markdown, landing,
whatever, but
it will add that to your cloud MD file.
So in a pinch and if you see it doing
something you can kind of like,
hey, just remember.
And it will go ahead and
it will add it to that Cloud MD file.
Like, in the moment,
you can always go in there.
It's just a markdown file.
You can edit yourself whenever you want.